1. These assessment questions have definitely helped me. I'm not one to come up with elaborate answers right off the bat, so having time to think about my answers now and have them in my mind will help me to answer them better in the future. I know they probably won't be the exact same questions, but this helps me with my thought process when answering them.
2. Honestly, with all of the potential of NPM, its hard to choose a favorite package to use. Probably one of the most useful tools I'll use for coding is Parcel. It's not the most exciting one, but it can launch a live server for your website to see it in real-time and also keep your website's size to a minimum when launched. While not as important now, it'll be useful for larger projects that are larger in size.
3. The waterfall and agile methods for project workflow have the same kinds of steps, but a different approach to how those steps are completed. For example, we have been using the waterfall method for our tic-tac-toe games. We started out figuring out what our requirements were, then we threw out ideas on how we could achieve those requirements. After we had our ideas, we went to our text editors and started putting those ideas into code, the implementation phase. And as we finished our main features, we tested everything to make sure it worked right. If we had used the agile method, Our goals would be broken up into smaller pieces so we can tweak things as they go along to make sure every bit is perfect. Maybe we would have started out designing the grid, where you can just place an X or an O, and we would determine if that is what is best for our project. Then, and only then, we would go on to detect if the is a winner or if there is a draw, and then stop the game, and then we would determine if that is the best. Then we would go on to have a random player start first. And if there's time, we would go on to add extra features, like a reset button and responsive design, but only if there's time. But if there isn't extra time, at least we got all of the core features as perfect as they can be.
