1. As we go into learning how professional developers work on projects, I am looking most toward seeing how it feels to work on something bigger rather than shorter projects. I'm gonna be doing this for a job, so I wanna know how it'll feel and how I handle it. Of course, there's always room for improvement though.

2. Event propagation is when you click on an element, and all of its parent elements see that click as well, regardless of whether they have another event listener attached to it or not. An example of this would be if I had a <a> element nested inside a <p> element and, just to make it easier to visualize, had event listeners on both. If I were to click on the text outside of the <a> element, I would only get the action specified for the <p> element. But if I were to click on the text within the <a> tag, I would get the action specified for that element, as well as the action for the <p> element.

3. When you use an event listener to listen for an event and a function to handle the event, an Event Object goes along for the ride. This Event Object contains information about the event that we can use for things such as checking which button was pressed. Two examples of events and some properties of their event objects are- The mousedown event, and the keypress event. For the click event, properties that the Event object contains could be things like event.button which lets you know which mouse button was pressed, and also event.clientX and event.clientY, which lets you know the coordinates of the mouse when it was clicked. For the keypress event, properties that would be contained in its Event Object would be things like event.key, which lets you know which key was pressed, or event.altKey,ctrlKey,metaKey,shiftKey to check for those buttons as well.
