1. I once thought that the biggest challenge of developing as a larger team would be merging different commits. I didn't fully understand how the merging process worked, I thought everything would just overwrite each other. After doing the examples this week, I feel better about that. Now what I think the biggest challenge would be is getting used to coding styles other than my own. This week we worked on each other's project, and getting their project to do the same thing mine did was quite the challenge. In both cases I had to figure out what I had to do differently to accomplish what looked like the same thing on the surface.
2. A branch is a series of commits that originate from a certain commit. For example, if I wanted to test out a feature without disturbing my main code, I would start a new branch call new-feature and work off of there. My main code is also a branch, the main branch, which originates from the first commit. In my dom-adventure-game repository, I have 3 branches. One for my code, my main branch, one for Jody's code, jody-main, and one for Ben's code, ben-main. These all originate from the starter code we forked from github. A remote is a computer separate from your own that stores the code as well. An example of a remote is my dom-adventure-game repository on github where I push all of my code.
3. For the adventure game this week, we employed the feature branch and forking workflows. While the branches were less of features and more of different games, it was still good practice to have the different branches and to practice switching between them and work on them separately. The one I feel we got closest to was the forking workflow, where we fetched each other's code and added our own features. Then we pushed them to our own repositories, and created pull requests to have them pull it if they wanted to.
