1. It is a good thing that HTML is an open standard controlled by specification rather than being owned by one person or company because web development is meant to be accessible and free. If it was owned by a company they could charge to use it or make drastic changes that make it hard for developers and browsers to keep up to date.
2. Elements and tags can seem similar, but they have differences. One thing that pops into my mind is the difference between statements and expressions in JavaScript. Multiple expressions in JavaScript make a statement, and this is similar to the difference between elements and tags. However, elements are made up of tags and the content. The tag is what defines the text and the text inside is the content. For example, `<p>` is a tag, while `<p>Hello World!</p>` is an element.
3. Two important parts of writing HTML is "syntax" and "semantics". Syntax is the way the language is written and semantics is how it is understood. Two quotes that represent these two come from Yoda and Noam Chomsky. The first shows wrong syntax but good semantics and comes from Yoda. "The greatest teacher, failure is." You can tell what yoda is trying to say because he uses good semantics, but the syntax is a little off, as we would normally say- "Failure is the greatest teacher." Another quote shows good syntax, but poor semantics- "Colorless green ideas sleep furiously." Everything about this quote is syntactically correct- but it makes no sense because it uses poor semantics. This shows that the HTML we write could have all of it's syntax right, but may not be understood correctly by the user. It could also be understood perfectly by the user, but we could have the syntax wrong. Overall, semantics are more important because there are programs that can help fix our HTML syntactically, but only we can fix our HTML semantically.
