1. My favorite property so far is actually the font-family property. It can take any system font or any font from the internet as long as there is a link to it in the html. This property is my favorite because I have always been fascinated with different fonts and how they can affect the look of a page just on their own. Whether it's ridiculous or nice looking, I love playing with fonts.

2. If I were making a website for a restaurant and needed to style items that were spicy, vegetarian, and gluten-free foods, I would go with the class selector. In the HTML, I would add `class="spicy"` for all spicy foods, `class="vegetarian"` for all vegetarian foods, and `class="gluten-free"` for all gluten-free foods. If any are both or all three, I would put multiple names in the quotation marks separated by a space. Then in my CSS, I would simply select these elements using my element selectors- `.spicy`,`.vegetarian`, and `.gluten-free`- and style them accordingly. For example, if there were hot wings on the menu, that part of the HTML might look like this: `<li class="spicy">Hot Wings</li>` Then in CSS, I would select all items with the class "spicy" and style them. 
```
.spicy {
  /* Put a pepper next to it */
}
```

3. The way CSS reads rules is partly in the name- "Cascading" Style Sheets. I say partly because there are other rules that go into it. Cascading is going from top to bottom and applying the rules in the order that they appear on the style sheet. This means that if an element gets styled twice, it will receive the styling of the rule that comes last- some of the time. There is another rule, specificity, that also affects how a web page is styled. Specificity is how much weight a certain selector has- if a CSS rule has a higher specificity than others that are affecting the same element, the one with higher specificity will be applied, no matter where it is on the stylesheet. Things like class selectors and id selectors have a higher specificity than normal element selectors. Another way rules get applied to HTML is through inheritance. This is where styling a parent element will style all of its children in return. Such as changing the font of the body, all elements will get their font changed as well. This goes for most things unless some other CSS says otherwise- such as changing the font color and the color of a link may stay the same.
