1. Personally, to keep up with changes to web development, MDN and w3.org would be my go-to places. Along with knowing what the changes are, I would practice with them and do lots of testing to find out how it works and what I can do with it.

2. Floats were originally intended for taking something like a picture out of the normal flow of a web page so text could wrap around it, like in a magazine. However, float were also used for page layout until flexbox and grid came along, which were actually created for page layout. With float, you needed to somewhat hack it to create the layout you wanted, sometimes using complicated math to accomplish something simple. Floating an item causes the browser to not take its height into account, something I realized myself the hard way, so an example of a hack-y fix is to add `overflow-hidden` to the floated contents' container.

3. A very nice part of flexbox is that it is built to be language agnostic, changing its positioning depending on the language being used. Because of this, it uses generic words for its axes such as the "Main" and "Cross" axes. For example, the CSS property `justify-content` affects how content is aligned on the main axis. This would be left to right for `flex-direction: row` and up and down for `flex-direction: column`. Some examples of values for `justify-content` are `flex-start` and `flex-end`. Since these are more generic values, rather than `right` and `left`, the positioning of the text on the website can be 'flex'ible depending on what language is being used, and how that language is written. Whether it be left to right, right to left, up and down, down and up, etc, flexbox can display it however needed without being confusing to developers.
