Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.

1. The most important thing I learned this week, in my opinion, is what is happening underneath the code I write. This was important to me because when I learned Java in high school, we were just thrown into it without any understanding of what was going on in those lower-level languages. I understood how to code and what everything did on the surface, but I believe having a deeper knowledge of the underside of things will help me to understand more in the future.

2. The general idea of higher-level programming languages is to be able to code in a way that is closest to our native language. Lower-level languages are hard to understand and you need to be very specific about what you tell the computer to do. Higher-level languages use abstraction to get rid of some of the unnecessary specific details used in lower-level languages. An example of abstraction in real life could be like asking someone to pass the salt. The person I asked knows exactly what I mean and passes the salt. Even with a higher-level language, I'd need to be more specific about that. I'd have to teach it things like what salt is and how to pass it first. It might even throw it at me if I'm not careful. The same goes for higher-level to lower-level languages. The further you go down, the more specific you have to be with it. So modern languages were created that do the nitty-gritty things for us so we don't have to worry about them. 

3. I believe there are situations where type coercion will be useful and others where it can trip you up. A good thing about this is that it can be very forgiving for new users and experienced users alike. Also, it can be useful to get data from user input and have it be automatically converted in the appropriate situations. However, if you are not careful, it can cause problems when dealing with addition, for example. If a user inputs a number and something needs to be added to it, it may convert the number being added to a string, and put them together using concatenation instead of addition. While this can be avoided with intentional type changing, it may be overlooked.
