1. After 2 weeks I'd say the biggest challenge I'll face is trying to think outside the box. When I go into coding I usually have a good idea of how I want to do it, and if it's wrong I may have trouble fixing it. It is hard for me to change my approach and I'll want to try and fix a line of code here and there, instead of taking a different approach. I will try to overcome it by thinking of a couple different ways a could do it, and talking to my teammates to see if they have a different approach.
2. "While" loops, "for" loops, and "do-while" loops are types of loops within JavaScript that differ in their own way. A "while" loop, for example, will keep running until a certain condition, or conditions, is false. It can be until a counter reaches a certain number, or until a certain boolean comes false, or both. This is very similar to a "for" loop, which unlike a "while loop, takes 3 statements declared right inside of it. Inside the parentheses of a "for" loop a counter for the  the is created, usually starting at 0, a condition is declared to set the number of times the loop will run (and can be combined with other conditions!), and then the third statement declares how much the counter will go up by each time it loops. The main difference between a "for" loop and a "while" loop is that a "while" loop does not need to be initiated by a counter. The last type, a "do-while" loop, is different in that this kind of loop will always run at least once. A "while" and "for" loop may never run at all if their conditions are not met in the first place. However, a "do-while" loop does not check for a condition until after it runs once, so it will never be ignored.
3.Writing out your solution in pseudocode first is very helpful because it makes you think about the entire problem before diving into coding it. If you try and start coding without thinking over the whole thing you may go in the wrong direction. It will help me in future classes to think more about the entire solution before I go in and do it piece by piece.
